# New item commands

The commands in the right-click menu allow you to generate a new item and integrate it with your project.

It is possible to add

- New features
- New pages
- New services
- New test projects

## Steps

The feature is composed of two steps:

1. Generate the selected feature/page/service/test project and its dependencies in a temporary folder.
2. Integrate the changes into your project automatically, or allow the changes to be integrated manually.

## 3rd party libraries

If you're adding an item that depends on 3rd party libraries, please read our [strategy regarding updates](https://github.com/Microsoft/WindowsTemplateStudio/wiki/3rd-party-libraries---updates-and-breaking-changes)

## Change summary page

See the following documentation to understand the different files shown on the summary page:

### Conflicting files

Files that were generated as part of the new item but are already part of your project but are different.

This can happen for example if you add a settings storage feature, but already have a json.cs file in your project which is also generated as part of the feature.
The files will not be copied from the temporary generation folder to your project folder, but you have to review both files
(comparing the file from the temp generation folder to the file in your project), to see if everything is in the right place and adjust where necessary.

### Failed merges

To include the new item, WinTS tried to modify files in your project, but could not do so.
For example, when you add a new page to a project with navigation pane, there is a postaction that will add this page to the ShellViewModel.

There are two possible reasons that could make this fail:

- The file was not found. Maybe you renamed it, or moved it to another folder. If this is the case, please locate the file and include the code blocks manually.
- The file was found, but has changed. In this case, please study the code blocks and see how to integrate them yourself.

### Modified files

Files that exist in your project and will be modified to include the feature/project.

### New files

New files generated by the added item that are not available in your project.

### Unchanged files

Files that were generated as part of the new item but are already part of your project. This can happen for example if you already added a settings storage feature and then add it another time. As the files are identical the files will not be copied and you do not have to take any action.
